Update cryptography examples (#1881)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/run-blockchain/become-a-validator.adoc

> Without the hash onion, a validator won't be able to receive any rewards for generating new blocks, although the blocks would still be valid in that case.

Reviewer: imho, I would just slightly reword this as follows:
If the hash onion is absent, a validator will be unable to receive rewards for block generation, even though the blocks would remain valid in such a scenario.

Author: ```suggestion
If the hash onion is absent, a validator will be unable to receive rewards for block generation, even though the blocks would remain valid in such a scenario.
```
